PRODUCTION DESK — LIVE OPERATIONS RELEASE

This is the live application source, not the sample preview.
The signed-in dashboard is at /. /operations-preview and /installers redirect to it.
Existing accounts, job files, customer records and stored attachments are retained.

UPDATING YOUR EXISTING PRODUCTION DESK

1. Download this ZIP. Right-click it in Windows and choose Extract All.
   Open the extracted folder containing package.json, app, components and supabase.

2. In Supabase, open your existing Production Desk project and its SQL Editor.
   Open supabase/migrations/008_live_operations.sql from the extracted files.
   Copy ALL of the SQL inside that file into a new query and click Run.
   Paste the code, not the filename. A successful query may say no rows returned.
   This update assumes migrations 001 through 007 were previously applied.
   Do not rerun 001_initial.sql against your existing database.
   This adds survey, bonus-configuration and email-queue tables; it does not reset jobs.

3. In GitHub, open Production-Desk and create a branch named live-operations
   from your latest working branch. Upload the extracted project files to the
   repository root, retaining their folders. Replace matching files.
   Include app, components, db, lib, public, scripts, supabase, tests and root
   configuration files, including package.json and package-lock.json.
   Upload folders in separate batches if GitHub's upload limit requires it.
   Do not upload the ZIP, node_modules, .next, database exports or real .env files.
   Commit the changes.

4. Open the Vercel deployment created for that branch. Use Node.js 22.x,
   framework Next.js, install command npm ci, build command npm run build.
   Keep your working database, storage, Resend and push variables.
   Required server variables are listed below. Their values must be present in
   the deployment's environment; changes apply to a new deployment.

5. Open the deployment's normal URL, WITHOUT /operations-preview.
   Sign in with your existing administrator account.
   In Settings, verify the users and editing permissions for FS and PA accounts.
   In Settings > Photo storage, check your existing bucket connection.
   Enter approved monthly bonus targets in Quality > Bonus pool and threshold
   settings. No fictional sample thresholds or pool have been loaded.

6. Verify with a designated test customer and test accounts:
   - Admin: Connections appears; PA, FS and installer cannot open that API.
   - PA: aging is visible; no bonus pool estimate or bonus weights.
   - FS/PA: Add Customer; Schedule Work with AM/PM, installer and stop number.
   - Week and month rows start Sunday. Future dates are available to office/FS.
   - Installer: Today/Tomorrow, assigned jobs, sales notes and files only.
   - Report Issue creates the assigned supervisor's alert.
   - Start production, upload distinct exterior photos and required paperwork,
     then submit Complete or Incomplete. FS approves; official status confirmation
     then moves the job to COMP or INC. Until confirmation it remains in production.
   - A schedule >30 days after receipt requires zero amount due, a payment reference,
     and FS/Admin approval. FS may approve their own request in the job file.
   - UTI/COLL and ACCRF require administrator approval. ACCRF changes contract price
     and adjusts remaining amount due by the price difference, preserving payments.
   - Service creates a separate appointment; it does not replace installation.
   - Refresh and sign back in to confirm the changes persist.
   A preview using the production DATABASE_URL writes to the real database.
   Use a separate Supabase test project for isolated testing if available.

7. Once your role checks succeed, deploy this branch to Vercel Production using
   your existing production process. Verify productiondesk.app opens the new root
   dashboard. Keep the last working deployment available for rollback.
   Do not promote an old preview deployment containing the sample application.

ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES — KEEP THESE SERVER-ONLY
DATABASE_URL                 Existing working Supabase PostgreSQL connection
DATABASE_CA_CERT             Existing Supabase CA certificate, if configured
DATABASE_SSL                 Keep working verified TLS setting (do not disable in production)
SUPABASE_URL                 Existing Supabase project URL
SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY    Existing server key, never a NEXT_PUBLIC_ variable
SUPABASE_STORAGE_BUCKET      job-files (or your existing bucket name)
APP_URL                      https://productiondesk.app
RESEND_API_KEY               Existing Resend key
ACCOUNT_EMAIL_FROM          Existing verified sender email address
VAPID_PUBLIC_KEY             Existing public web-push key
VAPID_PRIVATE_KEY            Existing private web-push key
VAPID_SUBJECT                Existing valid mailto: contact or HTTPS address

Keep existing owner login/bootstrap settings. Do not change credentials or create
another owner to upgrade an existing installation. Never paste keys into chat.

FIRST INSTALLATION ONLY
For an empty Supabase project, run migrations 001 through 008 in numeric order.
The command-line migration runner can also apply them to a fresh database using
npm run db:migrate with .env.local. Existing databases previously migrated by hand
should use the SQL Editor for this incremental update rather than rerunning 001.

WHAT IS LIVE
- Authenticated role-based dashboard, persistent database jobs and event history.
- Account/profile/theme/storage tools from your existing app.
- Protected scheduling, payments, requests, reports, approvals, manual GQ surveys.
- Existing signed Supabase upload pipeline and nine-check job-visit form.
- Durable in-app alerts, existing phone push, Resend sales-rep status notifications.
- Connections is administrator-only, including its server endpoint.

INTEGRATIONS / LIMITS
- Sales/Leads and Guild Quality APIs are not connected. Do not treat this as an
  automatic import. Enter customers and original GQ survey ratings manually.
- Existing single quality-score entries are preserved in members but are not
  converted into invented four-category surveys. Enter source surveys to calculate
  the period score. No bonus estimate is shown until the required data/targets exist.
- Email provider acceptance is not proof of inbox delivery. Admin Connections
  shows the sales-rep email queue and offers Retry for failed/unconfigured attempts.
  A job without a sales-rep email cannot send a sales-rep email notification.
- Phone notifications require valid VAPID settings, each user's browser permission
  and device support. In-app alerts still work without push and disappear after
  24 hours or when marked Read. Enable push under Settings > Notifications.
- Customer-record historical financial fields are retained as reference; operational
  balances are changed through Record payment or administrator reconciliation.
- Service appointments are scheduled separately; installation approval/report rules
  apply to the primary installation. A separate service completion workflow is not
  part of this release.
- No live production data, provider credentials or real emails were used in testing.

ROLLBACK
Restore the previous Vercel deployment if needed. The new SQL tables are additive
and can stay in place. Jobs edited in this release may contain UTI/COLL/Ordered
statuses and approval metadata older code does not understand. Stop edits before
rollback and review those records; database backup/restore is a separate operation.

DEVELOPER CHECKS
npm ci
npm test
npm run build
The PostgreSQL driver test additionally needs TEST_DATABASE_URL for a dedicated
PostgreSQL test database; without it, that one test is explicitly skipped.
