PRODUCTION DESK — ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT, QUALITY PERMISSIONS & PHOTO STORAGE

Prepared against your uploaded installer update (d051b34). Not deployed yet.

STEP 1 — SUPABASE SQL EDITOR
Delete the editor's current text. Paste and run the SQL below (not a filename):

BEGIN;
ALTER TABLE production.members
  ADD COLUMN IF NOT EXISTS can_score_all_installers integer NOT NULL DEFAULT 0
  CHECK (can_score_all_installers IN (0,1));
COMMIT;

This adds one permission. Existing field supervisors retain assigned-installer
scoring unless an administrator enables the new permission. Your previous
quality-score migration must already have been run, as confirmed in this chat.

STEP 2 — GITHUB
Extract this ZIP. Open Corywindowworld/Production-Desk and select branch
claude/review-and-begin-29bnd5. Use Add file > Upload files. Drag the app,
components, lib, supabase, tests and docs folders onto the upload area at the
repository root. Preserve folder names and replace matching files. Do not
upload the ZIP or the enclosing extraction folder. Commit the changes.

STEP 3 — VERCEL
Wait for the deployment of that exact new commit to show Ready. If it is
Preview, promote it to Production. Rebuilding an older commit does not include
the new code.

STEP 4 — ACCOUNTS & QUALITY SCORES
Sign in with your administrator account. Select Account management from the
main page (or open /accounts on the same site).
- Accounts: search, filter by role/status, add, edit, deactivate, delete or reset
  passwords. Email and phone details can be edited.
- Edit & permissions > Edit any installer's quality score: enable for each
  field supervisor who should score other supervisors' installers.
- Administrators automatically see and can score every active installer.
- Supervisors without that permission can score their own installers.
- Quality scores are available on the main page and the management Quality
  scores tab. Installers can only read their own score. Below 3.60 is red;
  3.60 and above is green.
- Permission/account edits sign the affected user out; have them sign in again.
- Owner access and self-deletion are protected. Only the owner can manage
  administrator accounts. Reassign linked jobs/installers before deletion.
  For retaining an installer's historical assignments, deactivate instead.
- Account deletion removes login credentials and sessions, retaining reports
  and job/audit history. Deletion must be confirmed in the dialog.

STEP 5 — PHOTO UPLOADS
Open Account management > Photo storage > Check storage.
If it reports missing storage or unsuitable settings, use Set up / repair
storage. This creates the configured private bucket if missing, or updates
its settings for 15 MB files. Existing photos remain stored. App-side content
and permission validation remain enforced.
If it reports missing or rejected credentials, follow the displayed guidance
in Vercel; do not share your server key in chat. The repair button cannot fix
an incorrect server key or a workplace network restriction.
After configuration succeeds, open an existing test job > Update information
and upload a small JPG, then Save job. Reopen it and view the attachment. Also
test installer reporting with an appropriate test job, since submitting a
report changes its production status.

Upload changes: clearer failure messages at preparation/transfer/finalization;
failed storage preparation no longer consumes a pending-upload slot; trimmed
bucket configuration; administrator-only connection check and repair. The
actual cause of your live error has not been verified. If it persists after
repair, send the exact new on-screen error so the next fix targets that cause.

VALIDATION
Production build and TypeScript passed. Integration checks passed for existing
authentication, signed uploads and complete reports; new checks passed for
administrator score access, supervisor cross-team grant/revocation, installer
isolation, protected/linked account deletion and credential removal, failed
upload cleanup, browser transfer errors, and private storage setup/repair.
Storage tests use a simulated Supabase service; live credentials, end-to-end
browser visual review and live file uploads have not been verified here.
