GUILD QUALITY SCORES & ACCOUNT PROFILES

This update is prepared and tested locally. It has not been deployed.
It builds on the account-management update already uploaded to your repository.

FIRST: paste this code (not the filename) into Supabase SQL Editor and Run:

BEGIN;
ALTER TABLE production.members
  ADD COLUMN IF NOT EXISTS profile_details jsonb NOT NULL DEFAULT '{}'::jsonb;
COMMIT;

Then extract this ZIP and upload its app, components, lib, supabase, tests and
docs folders at the root of Corywindowworld/Production-Desk, on branch
claude/review-and-begin-29bnd5. Preserve folder names and replace matching files.
Commit, wait for that commit's Vercel deployment to show Ready, and promote it
to Production if it is a Preview deployment.

WHAT CHANGED
- Dashboard shows one Guild Quality Scores overall average, not individual rows.
- The average includes all active installers with a valid score, with each
  installer weighted equally. Unrated, inactive and out-of-range legacy scores
  are excluded. The displayed average is rounded to two decimals.
- Guild Quality Scores is a separate navigation tab at /quality.
- Scores: 0–3.59 Poor; 3.60–3.69 Fair; 3.70–3.79 Good; 3.80–4.00 Outstanding.
- Exactly 4.00 displays a gold star. Poor remains red, rated scores above it green.
- Scores now accept 0–4.00 with up to two decimal places. Any old score above
  4.00 is preserved and marked Review score until an authorized user corrects it.
- Existing supervisor and administrator scoring permissions are retained.
- Your dashboard password link is moved into Account management > My profile.
- Clicking a person's name/profile card header opens their full profile.
- Profiles include phone, job title, start date, address, emergency contact,
  skills/certifications, notes, and up to 20 custom information fields.
- Profile information is available only to administrators. Existing protected
  administrator/owner edit rules remain, and administrators may edit their own
  profile details without changing their access permissions.
- Account management opens to the directory. A new-account form opens only
  when Add account is explicitly clicked. Edit account & permissions opens an
  existing account's settings from their profile.

CHECK AFTER DEPLOYMENT
1. Open the dashboard: confirm only the overall average is shown.
2. Open Guild Quality Scores: confirm the scale and authorized edit controls.
3. Set a test installer's score to 4.00 and verify its gold star.
4. Account management should open without a new-account dialog.
5. Open a person's profile, add information, save, leave and reopen it.
6. Open My profile and confirm the Change password link is there.

VERIFICATION
Production Next.js build and TypeScript passed. PostgreSQL-compatible tests
passed for score boundary labels and range validation, overall-average behavior,
profile persistence and access controls, and the existing account, scoring and
upload flows. Live browser visual review and deployment remain unverified.
